Ah!
Supper, you actually hit me
Not Zhang Xueyao
Who are you?
Are you crazy?
I'm Xueyao
I am your wife Zhang Xueyao
Who is it?
Where is the real Xueyao?
supper junior brother
A man who beats his wife
Not a good husband
I don't know what's wrong with you
Doubt my identity
And hit me
I'm really Zhang Xueyao
It's not Zhang Xiaoyao at all
What the hell is wrong with you?
Oh, I see.
Lianxin Curse Night Supper Junior Brother
If I'm not mistaken
You hurt your left hand when you broke the door just now
But when it comes to escaping
You found that Zhang Xueyao's left hand was not injured
So I'm sure he's not Zhang Xueyao
Right? Where is the real Xueyao?
Hahaha
I guessed you wouldn't give me the book of the living
So arrange for fake Zhang Xueyao to be by your side
I never expected to be discovered by you so soon
But I also had some surprises.
supper junior brother
Because of the Heart Charm
Now I've got you.